Run Below commands to get magento 2 dependecies of php 

apt-get install php8.1-bcmath 
apt-get install php8.1-calendar
apt-get install php8.1-Core
apt-get install php8.1-ctype 
apt-get install php8.1-curl 
apt-get install php8.1-date 
apt-get install php8.1-dom 
apt-get install php8.1-exif 
apt-get install php8.1-FFI 
apt-get install php8.1-fileinfo 
apt-get install php8.1-filter 
apt-get install php8.1-ftp
apt-get install php8.1-gd 
apt-get install php8.1-gettext 
apt-get install php8.1-hash 
apt-get install php8.1-iconv 
apt-get install php8.1-intl 
apt-get install php8.1-json 
apt-get install php8.1-libxml 
apt-get install php8.1-mbstring 
apt-get install php8.1-mysqli 
apt-get install php8.1-mysqlnd 
apt-get install php8.1-openssl 
apt-get install php8.1-pcntl 
apt-get install php8.1-pcre 
apt-get install php8.1-PDO 
apt-get install php8.1-pdo_mysql 
apt-get install php8.1-Phar 
apt-get install php8.1-posix 
apt-get install php8.1-readline 
apt-get install php8.1-Reflection 
apt-get install php8.1-session 
apt-get install php8.1-shmop 
apt-get install php8.1-SimpleXML 
apt-get install php8.1-soap 
apt-get install php8.1-sockets 
apt-get install php8.1-sodium 
apt-get install php8.1-SPL 
apt-get install php8.1-standard 
apt-get install php8.1-sysvmsg 
apt-get install php8.1-sysvsem 
apt-get install php8.1-sysvshm 
apt-get install php8.1-tokenizer 
apt-get install php8.1-xml 
apt-get install php8.1-xmlreader 
apt-get install php8.1-xmlwriter 
apt-get install php8.1-xsl 
apt-get install php8.1-zip 
apt-get install php8.1-zlib

Note : Change version of php as per requirement !!
